# üëã Hello there! 

I am Jonathan Sharpe, a Seattle Pacific University graduate with a
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. Below are some projects that
I've worked on.

## üèüÔ∏è Sharpe's Hit List 

This has been an ongoing project for a couple years now, though it
recently underwent a *major* overhaul. It went from being written in
essentially vanilla HTML/CSS/JavaScript (with a little Bootstrap) to
ReactJS, MongoDB, Vite, and TailwindCSS to improve scalability and
maintainability.

The gist of the site is that I use it as a way to track all the Major
League Baseball games and parks I've attended, as I'm a big baseball
fan and it allows me to express my creativity a little bit. It's also
very easy to show to anyone. The site is located at
[jsharpe.xyz](https://jsharpe.xyz), so feel free to check it out!

## üè´ Software Engineering Project 

During my final year in college, a team of myself and five other
students produced a web app. Our university's system for course
registration, course planning, time schedule, and suggested course
sequences was very piecemeal and difficult to use, so we set out to
rectify that with our Graduation Planning App (GPA). While it wasn't
made with the idea that the school would switch to our web app, it was
made to show what a re-imagined system *could* look like. We used
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Vite for the frontend portion, with mySQL
and Node.js running the backend. One of our team members also spent a
lot of time screen-scraping the time schedule on our university's
website, as we were not provided direct access to the data necessary
to make course plans. My time was primarily spent working on the
backend, ensuring that the requests made from the frontend would
return the necessary data. It essentially was fully functional,
besides the actual course registration part.
[Here](https://youtu.be/aMFmd9eoO_I) is a video demonstrating the app.

## üñ•Ô∏è My dotfiles repo 

I have daily-driven Linux for over two years now, and have my dotfiles
in a public repo in case anyone is interested in my setup. It's mostly
just for me at the moment, to sync my config between my two computers,
but at some point I'll likely spruce it up so there's more to see.

Perhaps the most interesting thing here is my Neovim config, as I've
been using that for about the same time I've used Linux. It's gotten
me some practice with the Lua programming language, which was
completely unknown to me before using Neovim. I've also of course
learned how to use the command line and how to do some shell
scripting, which I'm continuing to learn more about as I find ways to
optimize my workflow.

## ‚å®Ô∏è Other interests 

I'm big into mechanical keyboards, and own several of them. For layout
configuration, I've spent time using QMK, but recently switched to
Vial as it's far more user-friendly and packs essentially the same
features I was using QMK for. It might be a fun idea to design my own
keyboard, but that would be quite the undertaking. We'll see, maybe
someday!

I also enjoy gaming, and I've considered creating a mod for Minecraft.
That's another thing that would be quite the undertaking, but
definitely a good challenge and something I could look into sometime.

## ü§î What's next? 

Sharpe's Hit List is the main project, as it's something I'll work on
regularly from time to time. I would also like to make a program
that's not web-based, maybe some kind of command line program for
Linux. I've been interested in learning Rust since it's a pretty big
language these days, but I'll have to find something to actually do
with it.

In general though, I'll have to come up with some problem
I'm looking to solve, and write a program to solve it.

## üì• Contact

If you'd like to contact me for any reason, you can message me on
LinkedIn or shoot me an [email](mailto:jonathansharpe54@gmail.com).
